UNDEFINED: Variable is declared but never assigned a value.

NULL: Assigned a value but it is currently empty.

== : Values need to be equal.

=== : Both value and data type of value must be equal.

JAVASCRIPT HOISTING: This is a interpreter that reads the declaration first before eecuting the code.

Function declaration are hoisted where as function expression are not hoisted.

Add or remove elements in any position or middle : array.splice(index, howmanytoremove, newitem1,....,newitemN);

SLICE: use slice to return a subset of the array

lastIndexOf: Gives you the last occurence of a element.

forEach(item,index)

EVERY: The every() method tests whether all elements in the array pass the test.

FILTER: It will return a new array with all elements passing the test.

MAP: creates a new array with the results of calling a function for every array element.
You will use this method whenever you want to create a new array based on existing array.


REDUCE: It reduces the array to a single Value.

FIND: This gives you only the first matched element that passing the test.

CLOSURE: This is a inner function knows local scope of all parent functions upwards.

DOM: The dom is a interface between javascript and html.

Every time js loads the html it will create on js object for you and that js object is called document Object.

Dom is nothing but document object and using this object you can interact with html
from js.

AJAX: Asynchronous Javascript And XML

Ajax is a concept where client browser side script that communicates to from a server
without the need for a page postback or a complete refresh.

{}=={}
False

{}==={}
False

Strings: We don't have areverse method.


ENCAPSULATION: Store the data in the form  of properties.

CONSTRUCTOR: This is a function that executes first to initialize  a class.

PROTOTYPE: This is the property of the function where you can add/attach a method
and you can also inherit parent classes.

1997 - ES1
2009 - ES5
2015 - ES6

LET: The purpose of this is create a block scoped variables.
When you declare a variable with let it is local to that block only.

VAR: It is considered as global variable inside the block also.

DEFAULT FUNCTION PARAMETERS: This allows formal parameters to be initialized with default
values if no value or undefined is passed.


REST: Converting sequence of numbers in to an array.

MODULE: An ES6 module is a file containing js code.

GENERATORS: Functions that can be paused or resumed.
YIELD: Yield is an operator with which a generator can pause.

CLOSURE: a closure is an inner function that has access to the outer function variables.

The closure has three scope chains: 

=> It has access to its own scope i.e variables defined 
between its curly brackets.

=> It has access to the outer function variables.

=> It also have access to the global variables.

CURRYING: Currying is the process of breaking down a function into a series of
functions that each take a argument.

THIS: It refers to an object.

CALL: You pass the arguments in sequence.

APPLY: You pass the arguments in an array.
